# weatherApp
Weather App for Klaviyo

## newsLetter App
The newsLetter App in this project is the main app. It contains a home page, a signup page, and a thank-you page.

## Signup page
Signup page is generated by Django native template(View in MVC).

The page is displaying a custom Form, and will be validated by Django at the back end.

## views.py servers as Controller
After user inputs been validated, the data will be stored in DB(sqlite).

## Constraints from Model
We have a subscriber Model, which has 3 fields. Two of them are minimum, the email_address and the location of the subscriber, 
but I've added a third advertisedDate to record the last time our email has been sent to that subscriber. This field can also be 
used when we invoke the custome Django command.

## sendemails Command
This is a custom Django command which takes optional one argument, from_date, and tried to send emails to all subscribers who not 
advertised before. If 'from_date' argument is specified, it will force send emails to all subscribers whose advertisedDate is later 
than the specified 'from_date'.(This feature is not functional yet, for now we just send emails to all subscribers who's not been 
sent advertised)

## Fail save
If anything happens during the API call or parsing values, the email will not be sent and failed subscribers will be printed to console.

## Live demo
The site is deployed to [Heroku](https://klaviyo.herokuapp.com/)
Email functionality is not working on Heroku, cause I didn't pay;)

Admin user: klaviyo
password: erictang
